BIOGRAPHY
"I don't like photos of myself. The lighting is always wrong."

Kötz is a graduate of Hermann-Böse-Gymnasium, an elite academy specializing in science and language studies. Throughout his education Kötz excelled both academically and athletically. Among his many unique qualities, Kötz is multilingual with the ability to grasp the nuance of a language quickly. His physically imposing frame and skill with his weapon make him formidable in tight space, room-to-room deployment. It's his tactical experience that secures him as a solid Rainbow elite. These abilities combined with his specialized academic background and good-natured personality make him highly sought after. He easily transitioned from a Schnelle Kräfte soldier in Kosovo to a member of GSG 9. Kötz has been integral to fostering training practices and good will between India's National Security Guard and GSG 9.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
Specialist Elias "Blitz" Kötz has seen his share of intense combat but is physically and mentally resilient. His temperament can best be described as jovial, though his team prefers to describe his sense of humor as "goofy." I know my son would agree. Kötz uses humor to help diffuse stressful situations. It's appreciated by his teammates and holds more value than his previous commanders gave him credit for. [...] It's not that he doesn't take his job seriously. In fact, quite the opposite: On a number of occasions he was the first to rush a barricade and has often placed the team's safety over his own. The fact that Kötz prefers to not consider his acts as heroic is a quirk of his personality, but certainly no detriment to his performance. [...]

I like to think of myself as physically fit. Of course I realize these specialists are in a class of their own but even there, Kötz stands out as exceptional. He jokes about how often our med team files requests to strap him to some new machine so they can keep testing his physical limits. For anyone else the attention might be overwhelming, but Kötz takes it all in his stride. [...]

For his easy laugh and quick wit, there's an earnest passion to Kötz. In the midst of telling me how his childhood was fun and free, he suddenly stopped. All joking aside, he said, "We have a responsibility to look after one another. I take that very seriously." I have no doubt. [...] I've noticed that Blitz is a close confidante with Specialist Lera "Finka" Melnikova. When I asked him about it, he said they enjoy making fun of each other. She impresses him, he told me. It makes me wonder if he harbors some guilt because he's in perfect health. [...]

Kötz's mental dexterity can't be overlooked, yet he often neglects to use it during operations. His amicable friendship with Specialist Gilles "Montagne" Touré may be a pathway to expanding Kötz's application of his own abilities, and a way to hone their competitive edge.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow