BIOGRAPHY
"You say potato, I say botnet."

Nam's math and technology skills earned her a National Academic Excellence Scholarship at KAIST (the Korean Advanced Institute of Science and Technology). She served in the Republic of Korea Army (ROK), where her adeptness with technology saw her assigned to the 5163 Army Division. Looking for a chance from office life, Nam earned her place in the 9th Special Forces Brigade, known as the Ghost corps, where she trained in mountaineering, survival techniques, and guerrilla warfare. Highly adaptable, Nam often utilizes a creative, unorthodox approach to gets results. This skill didn't go unnoticed by the USFK or the 707th Special Mission Battalion. Encouraged to focus on breaching defenses and exploiting weaknesses in networks, Nam was quickly recruited to the 707th and deployed alongside Specialist Chul Kyung Hwa, codename "Vigil," until their recruitment into Rainbow. Nam works closely with Specialist Masaru "Echo" Enatsu in the R&D lab, engineering new countermeasure technologies.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
Grace Nam is playful, clever, serious, and reckless as her codename – Dokkaebi – implies. She's also mischievous. Recent reports say she's been pushing herself beyond her limits and the team has expressed concern that she's over-confident. Added to that, we have past disciplinary reports stating that her actions have been "unorthodox," which I can believe. I was there when she hacked the system; I saw the promise when other people wanted her punished. [...]

Nam's a talented operator. But it's important to note that she's one of the younger Rainbow recruits and has little combat experience. This job is intense, and the stakes are high. Some days, I have the impression she would rather be behind her computer, controlling things from where no one can touch her. But she wants to improve; she wants to change. And to do that, she has to challenge herself.

I'm certain the over-confidence is about fear. She's afraid she doesn't belong, that she isn't good enough. As for past discinplinary hearings, the shortcomings are with the commanders, not with Nam. A talented hacker isn't just someone who's good with code, they're a creative thinker with the ability to see connections the rest of us can't. Yes, there's recklessness. Yes, there's an element of bravado. But whatever else people may see, they must also admit that there's a method to Nam's madness. [...]

When I asked about her childhood, she boasted of schoolyard fights and described the extreme academic pressures she faced. The school would shame parents by publically comparing their children. She's carried this burden of expectation throughout her life, so to have Specialist Chul Kyung "Vigil" Hwa chastise her creates a friction that Nam will have to address. [...]

She told me her grandparents introduced her to Buddhism when she was little and that she's recently begun visiting the temple again. I'm reassured. This is her way to cleanse her mind and spirit. Her pursuit of inner balance will allow Nam to achieve her full potential. Her bluster may irritate operators such as Specialist Yumiko "Hibana" Imagawa, but I say let her be.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow