BIOGRAPHY
"The hand you get dealt isn't the one you have to keep."

Born north of Chernobyl in Gomel, Belarus, Melnikova grew up around people already suffering from birth defects. Driven by her own childhood illness and that of those around her, Melnikova grew up determined to find a cure. She studied Cytology and Genetics at Novosibirsk State University, graduating with a PhD in Molecular Biology. She remained at NSU in the Biotechnology and Virology Laboratory, collaborating remotely with the Research Institute of Fundamental and Clinical Immunology to research treatments for a variety of pathogens and neuropathies, including her own. Melnikova's ground-breaking research into self-driven monomer motors continues to advance medical science and military technology. Her research directly saved Spetsnaz operators from hazardous materials, resulting in an Order of Honour that opened her eyes to new possibilities. She joined the Army and became the Spetsnaz CBRN Specialist. Melnikova stands out as the go-to biological warfare expert in CTU joint exercises.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
Specialist Lera "Finka" Melnikova has a dynamic personality that often takes a backseat in past reports because of her chronic illness. It's a shame. From the moment she entered my office with fresh coffee and croissants for our meeting, her vibrant energy swirled around the room.

While Melnikova prefers not to discuss her illness, it's clear that it looms over her every thought. Her fitness tracker constantly sets off reminders. Her thermos of water must be kept constantly topped up. She doesn't like to sit for too long, nor stand. Every movement is a calculation. She isn't fidgety or impatient, but hyper aware of each moment and careful of the needs of her body. [...]

Managing her health grounds Melnikova in the here and now. Her process – her rituals – have enabled her to achieve a high level of fitness and mental balance. It's the right approach and it works for her. My concern is that she may not be prepared for upsets to her careful order. So, I suggested that while maintaining the concept of a ritual, I'd like her to apply some variations to them. [...]

Melnikova's close connection with illness provides her with unique insight into how disability or inability affects a person's identity. Her research is driven by her sense of determination, but also guilt. She knows she can't help everyone. And frankly, it's crucial for her state of mind that she not lose sight of this. We're only human, after all. [...]

Her deep bonds with the Russian Special Forces members and her Rainbow team push her to be better and to maintain her focus. They understand the extreme level of commitment this requires. Her dedication to them is unwavering even if they don't always agree on a surface level. [...]

What stands out to me is Melnikova's wonderful, full laugh. It's a laugh that gets set aside too often when she's focused on her illness. I encouraged her to seek out those unrestrained moments of delight. Because her every decision is so carefully constructed, what would benefit her most is the ability to surprise herself.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow