BIOGRAPHY
"There are two things the human body needs most in a survival situation: Water, and hope."

Tsang was raised in Vancouver, British Columbia, and enlisted with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) on her eighteenth birthday. At the Royal Military College of Canada (RMC), she graduated top of her class. Upon completion of her bachelor's degree and officer training, Tsang was stationed on Canada's west coast at CFB Esquimalt with the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre Victoria (JRCC Victoria). From there she served on the primary Search & Rescue response team covering BC and the Yukon Territory.

Tsang has been praised for exceptional situational awareness and is valued for her mission planning and threat reaction. Her SAR training in mountain-climbing, parachuting and diving extends into her recreational time. Drawing on her background in Mechanical Engineering, Tsang helped design and modify the Sterling Mk2 LHT, or "Welcome Mat," whose portable design allows for discreet deployment in a variety of areas and environments.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
I confess I find Tina Lin "Frost" Tsang's energy exhausting. Not many adults make me feel like an old man. She rearranged my shelves during our meeting... It does look better. Not that Tsang is nervous. Far from it. It's more akin to a fine-tuned athlete. [...]

Field reports highlight Tsang's focus and perseverance. The team trusts her planning, if not necessarily her fastidiousness. Any disagreements don't appear to hinder the team dynamic since Tsang is open to feedback, though I do detect some resentment from her concerning people who might be less patient or who opt for shortcuts. [...]

Tsang's mission planning is meticulous and she brings this same careful viewpoint to her everyday life. A good example was when she told me about her parents' recent anniversary party. She described the traditional Chinese banquet and its ten-course meal in such detail, I think she could recreate it from memory. [...]

Beyond that, it was a challenge finding a subject outside of operations that excites her. Music? Depends on her mood. Books? Not really. Finally, I asked about her hunting trips. Growing up in British Columbia, Tsang developed a respect for Canada's indigenous cultures and urged me to visit Haida Gwaii territory should I visit West Coast Canada. When I asked about the vague note in her medical records regarding a hunting accident, she was reluctant to talk. Her bush plane made an emergency landing in a range called the Nahanni. Bad weather rolled in and then, a week later, help arrived. Her reluctance to offer details and frequent use of "should have" indicate she feels some shame. Rather than push the issue, I introduced her to Specialist Sanaa "Nomad" El Maktoub. Their similar experiences made them instant friends. Both women share a deep connection to the outdoors. It's not simply being outside -- it's the wild that appeals. [...]

Tsang's precision-oriented personality is a huge asset, but I'd like her to consider deeper introspection. Her ability to self-actualize will be critical if we continue to have her working alongside other strong personalities such as Specialist Taina "Caveira" Pereira.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow