BIOGRAPHY
"You can't escape me, but that doesn't mean you won't try."

Al-Hassar's early years are unclear due to incomplete foster care records. Eventually released into the care of his older brother, Faisal, the two of them were absent from official records for several years until Faisal's unsolved murder once again left Al-Hassar without a home. Being guided through the tragedy by a sympathetic police officer solidified Al-Hassar's resolve to find his brother's murderer and he joined the Cuerpo Nacional de Policía the day he turned eighteen. Fast-tracked through the academy with the help of his mentor, Al-Hassar stood out as a quick learner with exceptional lateral thinking. His dogged determination resolved a number of criminal investigations but, unfortunately, the case of his brother's murder remains open. Tagged by the Grupo Especial de Operaciones for further training, Al-Hassar excelled in off-road driving, abseiling, marksmanship, and knowledge of terrorist groups. He is a frequent guest lecturer and part-time instructor at the CNP academy.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
Ever since he can remember, Specialist Ryad "Jackal" Ramírez Al-Hassar has been nocturnal. Throughout his career it's been almost a blessing given the demands of the job. Somewhere along the way, though, this has developed into insomnia. At this point, Al-Hassar can't recall when he last slept well. [...]

The murder of his brother is never far from his thoughts. The more time passes and it remains unsolved, the more his frustration grows. I detect guilt in the way he phrases certain things but when I point it out to him he disagrees. Still, he's agreed to explore it further, especially since the guilt emerged after leaving his job as a criminal investigator. It's buried deep, and I don't think it affects his day-to-day work, but neither is it ideal.

Al-Hassar has solid relationships with many of his teammates, including Specialists Mike "Thatcher" Baker, Emmanuelle "Twitch" Pichon, as well as Olivier "Lion" Flament. He's worked closely with Specialist Elena María "Mira" Álvarez. I can see in their interactions the deep respect they have for each other. [...]

Past experiences have given Al-Hassar a protective nature and a fierce sense of justice. He can be competitive to the point of pettiness, yet in all cases he's able to check himself before endangering an operation. He described to me that before each op, he visualizes mental switches being flipped. These "switches" enable him to ratchet up his abilities and maintain focus. Nevertheless, I'd like to delve deeper into this to see if we can help him manage to balance his personal world as well. I need to ensure he isn't experiencing extreme shifts in mood outside of the workplace. [...]

I've encouraged him to live life for himself. He's taken some steps toward this by teaching at the academy. Not only will his talents prove invaluable to the young police cadets, but it forms connections that Al-Hassar didn't realize he was missing. I've also just learned that our conversation prompted Al-Hassar to volunteer with at-risk youth. Helping others stabilize their lives may help him to secure his own internal world, as well.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow