BIOGRAPHY
"Birthdays. Proposals. These should be surprises. No one wants a grenade to the face."

Raised by his uncle, a mechanic with the Bundespolizei (BPOL) Aviation Group, Streicher was around engines and motors at an early age. While he demonstrated skills in mechanics, it didn't hold the challenge that he was looking for. Since he had an affinity for complex machinery, his uncle encouraged him to study aeronautical engineering at university, but strict academic form was an uncomfortable fit for him. So while Streicher's grades were acceptable, he had a tendency toward restless antics. Following his hobby and passion in flying, he spent considerable time around pilots and aircraft. Private corporations sought him out, but Streicher joined BPOL-Aviation Group because it offered him unique challenges, the opportunity to fly and to serve his country. Almost immediately, Streicher began designing defensive weapon systems for BPOL including a ground-based Active Defense System (ADS) prototype. It was this prototype that caught the attention of GSG 9 and Rainbow.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
Specialist Marius "Jäger" Streicher has a creative curiosity that's reflected both in his operations and his daily life. The first part of our conversation was spent discussing a documentary that he watched the night before, about scientists searching for new antibiotics. Streicher was so caught up in it that he sent the link to Specialists Gustave "Doc" Kateb, Emmanuelle "Twitch" Pichon, and Lera "Finka" Melnikova. I'm sure they were all equally interested, if maybe not thrilled to be contacted so early in the morning.

That was only the start of our conversation. Streicher discussed other documentaries that he found fascinating: NASA sending a probe to the sun, new discoveries about Tyrannosaurus Rex, really anything to feed his voracious appetite for information on any subject. Robotics and artificial intelligence are the topics he seeks out the most but he enjoys almost anything. [...]

Streicher's lively energy made for a dizzying meeting. Though the conversation wasn't erratic, it had a path, I admit I wasn't able to see it until I noticed that he often mentions the team: Wondering if so-and-so is doing alright after the loss of their dog, if another one received the birthday card he sent, and other references. Streicher enjoys sharing information so that he can make connections. Not just his connection with individuals, but a web of connections among everyone. [...]

His own upbringing wasn't particularly lively or warm and the small family meant that he had very little company his age. He told me that his uncle was a fussy man – nitpicky. Streicher appreciates his uncle and all that he taught him, going so far as to say that his uncle made him a better person. But Streicher did also say that his uncle was closed off and had no sense of humor. I believe the translation is "grouchy bean counter." Understanding this background shines some light on why Streicher is so eager to create these connections with his team. He sees them as family. It certainly explains how intensely protective he is of them either on operations or during downtime.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow