BIOGRAPHY
"There are many different kinds of cunning. Fortunately, survival requires only one."

Maxim "Kapkan" Basuda and his brothers grew up in Kovrov, surrounded by the influence of the Russian military. Both parents worked in the military support factories, his father in mechanical engineering and his mother in textiles. Encouraged by his parents and teachers, Basuda joined the Ministry of Internal Affairs as a police officer. Along with the standard training of weapon expertise, protection detail, and high speed pursuit, Basuda showed adroit skills with hostage rescue and information gathering. Clever strategies and self-sufficiency meant that Basuda was perfect for an undercover operation in the port town of Naryan Mar on the Barents Sea. His successful efforts to shut down organized crime prompted his recruitment into the highly respected Spetsnaz. Basuda became an avid hunter and trapper during his time in the Arctic Circle, before being transferred to Beslan in 2002.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
On first impression, Specialist Maxim "Kapkan" Basuda can come across as jaded about the world and in his role in it. Oftentimes those who are most frustrated sound as though they don't care, when in fact they care a great deal. It's important to Basuda that he's able to make a lasting contribution and so, despite his cynicism or because of it, he's taken it upon himself to mentor other soldiers. [...] Even though some on the team find him intense, they all speak highly of him. I asked him if he thought he had changed much over the years. He laughed and told me the one change he has noticed: He still eats flint for breakfast, only now he knows when to take his words back. [...]

Basuda enjoys a number of hobbies centered around weapons and hunting, so naturally I wanted to hear what the appeal was for him. A hunter, Basuda told me, needs to think strategically, to understand the animal's routines and behaviors, but it's also imperative that the hunter respect their prey. [...] Any true hunter respects animals. They understand conservation and the need to maintain a balance. Wolves and bears play their part perfectly, he told me. Basuda said this understanding makes him a better operator because he can apply it to people – both in how they're like animals, but also in how they are not.

For Basuda, life is harsh – made harsher by humans. Decisive action and level headedness are what matter. Like wolves – not the fairy tale kind, but the real ones – Basuda considers himself loyal. Wolves, he explained to me, are devoted to family. All members raise the young, and they work together as a team when hunting. [...] Given his explanation, I wondered if he may feel somewhat lonely. A wolf without a pack. At my mention of it, he laughed and tapped his temple and told me he loves brain science – that my job studies the mind but then is almost always about the soul. Listening to him wax philosophical, I found I couldn't help but agree.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow