BIOGRAPHY
"Did I ever tell you about the time we tree-jumped into a Congo swamp at night? No? Oh, it's a good one."

Adriano "Maestro" Martello, oldest in a family of eight children, grew up in Rome, but attended the Military Academy of Modena at 18. He joined the Carabinieri and earned a spot as an Explorer Paratrooper in the 1st Paratrooper Regiment known as Tuscania. After several distinguished tours where he earned Silver and Bronze Medals of Military Valor, Martello qualified for Gruppo di Intervento Speciale (Special Intervention Group or G.I.S.) and participated in joint operations in Iraq, earning a facial scar from a roadside IED. He engaged in multiple actions against homegrown threats in Italy and eventually became an instructor helping train Tier 3 units in the Italian military.
After Martello's tour was completed, he went into private consultation where his courses quickly became a top-rated operator bootcamp for teaching advanced techniques to Tier 3 and Tier 2 units, as well as private military companies. The Tuscania eventually convinced Martello to re-enlist to help upgrade one of their units to a Tier 2 Special Forces classification, and this enabled him to join Rainbow as a representative of the Italian Units.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
I have no doubt that Specialist Adriano Martello (AKA: Maestro) is a natural leader. He had earned the nickname Maestro due to his willingness to sacrifice first place in order to help other soldiers during basic training, and while records indicate that some soldiers didn't appreciate the handholding, I think it refined Specialist Martello's teaching methodology. [...] I did review his school records in regards to the fights he got into, and I believe he was keeping his brothers and sisters out of trouble by fighting for them. [...] He initially entered the military to ease his parents' financial burden in raising eight children and he carries that sense of responsibility into his units. He cares about the men and women he serves with and has an affinity for bringing out the best in others, even if it's with a bit of good-natured bluster and perhaps more vulgarity than some of our more reserved operators are used to. I suspect Specialist Martello enjoys cussing for effect though there is no doubt that he teaches through anecdotes. He presents himself as genuine, however, and it's an undeniable part of his charm because it comes off without any sort of duplicity. [...] Specialist Martello will make an excellent Tactical Control Commander one day, but his biggest liability is his own wanderlust. [...] He loves pursuing challenges to his own detriment. Once he's conquered an objective, there's little keeping him rooted. He has personal ties with Specialist Seamus "Sledge" Cowden (Joint Operations in Iraq before Article 5 was instituted), enough that to my understanding he's invited Specialist Cowden over to visit his family when the pair were cycled off duty rotation. Even then, I doubt it's enough to keep him tied to Rainbow Operations. His ties to Specialist Aria "Alibi" de Luca may be a different story, however. They worked closely together during Operation Spider Wasp, with Specialist Martello's unit taking down organized crime targets based on Specialist de Luca's intel. Whatever other history they share remains unknown to me... for now. [...] It is my estimation that Specialist Martello needs a carrot to remain invested, and that means presenting him with challenges that he's likely to fail at. It's why I recommend Specialist Martello step into the boxing ring with Specialist James "Smoke" Porter, for example, and pit him against a boxer with more training and skill. From my records, Specialist Martello grew up in the lower income neighborhoods along Rome's Lungotevere, where he befriended local Romany children. He boasts about boxing with the Romany, a strong tradition in that culture, and I believe that training him with Porter will encourage positive memories that will link his childhood with Rainbow. [...] Another option is to arrange for Specialist Mike "Thatcher" Baker to take a personal interest in Martello's development. Martello has nothing short of genuine respect for Specialist Baker, enough to leave him tongue-tied around the SAS veteran. That state of deference may forge a strong enough bond to keep Specialist Martello invested in the Rainbow program.

-- Dr. Harishva Pandey