BIOGRAPHY
"Think of me as your conscience. I see everything, and I'm just as ruthless."

Álvarez is a highly creative operator with the unmatched ability to dominate close-quarters urban environments. Working alongside her father in his auto repair shop helped form her intricate understanding of machinery and prompted her to study mechanical engineering and metallurgy at university. Instilled with a strong sense of justice and an obligation to serve, Álvarez joined the Cuerpo Nacional de Policía. She saw the need for better equipment and developed new bulletproof materials to protect her teammates while on operations. Encouraged to join the Grupo Especial de Operaciones, she beat more than 100 other recruits for the coveted position. The reinforced armor she wears is her design. Álvarez was hired as Rainbow's Director of Research and Development before being added to the combat roster so that she could better test her developments and improvements under field conditions. She flies helicopters in her spare time.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
Specialist Elena María "Mira" Álvarez thinks on her feet. Someone this adaptable and versatile is difficult to predict... as they should be. She takes risks, though, and I'm hoping they're calculated ones. Álvarez is one of the operators who most strives to be a hero. Ferociously protective of teammates and those she considers friends, she can nonetheless dominate an operation, forcing others to blend their tactics with hers if they wish to succeed. [...]

Álvarez enjoys her time in the lab and I'm grateful she accepted my offer to become head of R&D. Working surrounded by machinery reminds her of her father and the strong bond they continue to share. [...] As far back as she can recall it was only ever the two of them, though her father's shared memories of her grandmother gave her a second role model to look up to. One story stands out in particular: While working late in his garage, her father was pinned under a car. Álvarez found him. She was seven years old. Refusing to leave him, she struggled with the heavy jack – despite his protests – and got him free. Only then did she run for help. [...] This is the loyalty and stubbornness that I see in her, and that her team appreciates. It comes from a kind heart. [...]

When not working, Álvarez is restless, which she's managed to channel into her art. Her metal sculptures are a source of great pride and she showed me photos of her portfolio. The way she incorporates used machine parts and ballistic glass is enchanting. [...] Álvarez uses her artistic sensibilities to visualize scenarios with unique clarity. The team should be encouraged to make better use of his talent. [...]

Her ongoing rivalry with Specialist Eliza "Ash" Cohen is a clash of two strong-willed people. Both have solid leadership skills and both care about their teams. They simply approach challenges differently. We need to work through some scenarios where they can both apply their strengths to reach an acceptable outcome. Only through joint success will they see the value of each other's approaches.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow