BIOGRAPHY
"Every conflict is an iteration upon the last. Every scar, a victory."

Touré began his career in law enforcement as a uniformed police officer with the National Gendarmerie. They used his imposing form whenever there was a need to show a strong police presence, earning him a spot in the Mobile Gendarmerie where the focus was on crowd control as well as military and counter-terrorism patrol missions. Touré's push for extensive training provided him with a broad skillset and earned him a position in the GIGN. Though he's best utilized for his breaching techniques, Touré also has training in combat engineering and reconnaissance. When not deployed with Rainbow, Touré is an instructor at GIGN.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
Specialist Gilles "Montagne" Touré's imposing presence, along with his unwavering gaze, is impressive and (as a tactic) I can see how it can be unsettling. He's a man of few words, even among his friends. I chose to visit him at one of the GIGN Training Centers so that he'd be more comfortable talking. [...] Observing Touré with his trainees gave me a better sense of him. In this capacity he was accessible, fair, and even gregarious. [...]

We started by discussing his role as an instructor. Touré was excited that Rainbow continues to evolve and is proud to be a part of it. He told me there's always a lot to learn from his peers and that, lately, he's been trying to stretch beyond his comfort zone. He has certainly taken the lead on including more virtual simulation in our training. He's hoping to incorporate the unique skills of operators such as Specialist Grace "Dokkaebi" Nam in his next sessions. [...]

Touré has a naturally protective nature. His choice to enter law enforcement speaks more to that than his family's military history. The middle of four – his two brothers are also in the military – Touré said that the family raised them to be protectors. Their parents recounted stories of various ancestors who fought for what was right. [...] He believes that education is the solution to many of the world's problems. His sister finished her police training but switched to teaching when she felt that was where she could do the most good.

Because Touré has an understated confidence, I was surprised when he expressed doubt about his role in Rainbow. Many of our operators are exceptionally skilled with languages. Touré isn't. None of the reports suggest this is an issue, but even a perceived weakness can become debilitating. I encouraged him to select one – only one – language to focus on studying, and asked some of the other specialists to make an effort to include him in their conversations. If all goes well, it'll feel less like he's being tested and more like he's being folded into the group.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow