BIOGRAPHY
"The heart is just a motor. Like any machine, it can be fine-tuned."

Born on Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, Estrada was raised on bases across the US and internationally, in Germany, Turkey, and Japan. His father was a pilot and his mother was a classified Senior Intelligence Officer. Estrada demonstrated acumen for science at an early age and was quickly moved into an advanced curriculum. His focus on Forensic Science and Biochemistry made him a perfect fit for the Biometrics Program with the FBI, which he joined as their youngest intern. He secured his role as an agent and was soon recruited into SWAT, working both in the field and in the FBI Lab. Estrada's high emotional intelligence led him to join the FBI's Hostage Rescue Team (HRT) where he excelled in crisis management and negotiation tactics. His knowledge of behavioral biometrics led to the creation of the Cardiac Sensor, along with several other prototypes which he continues to refine.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
During operations, Specialist Jack "Pulse" Estrada keeps his cool and consistently maintains sound judgment. So to meet someone with such boyish enthusiasm was an entertaining surprise for me. The conversation was a lively circuit of topics from biology, fighter jets, and scuba diving, to something his father builds in his spare time: Muscle cars. I honestly had never heard this term before. It completely baffled me. Estrada had to show me pictures. [...]

We discussed his childhood fascination with biology and chemistry. That he wanted to be an astronaut, and jokes that he still might be. He's fascinated with the concept of alien life-forms. Which, upon mentioning it, prompted him to describe his deep-sea diving expeditions with bouncing excitement. [...]

What does make Estrada quiet and contemplative is the mention of his mother. He becomes serious and there's a wistful tone in his voice. It was his mother who first noticed how good he was at deconstructing micro-expressions. She encouraged free-thinking and let him decide the pace of his academic studies. A naturally private person, her work in military intelligence made her even more so, but because Estrada can so easily read others I think it bothers him that he's unable to read his mother at all. [...]

Life is a sense of adventure and Estrada is ready to grasp it all. It's a healthy attitude and I wonder how his upbeat energy affects the group. Estrada told me that he's working on being more in the moment, "slowing time." He's striving to be more mindful. I asked if anyone in particular had encouraged this new point of view, but he avoided the question. [...]

Even under the most extreme conditions, Estrada puts his team first; naturally they all speak highly of him. Estrada says it's the caliber of his teammates that makes him so dedicated. [...] He and Specialist Jordan "Thermite" Trace are close, but there is some professional rivalry between Estrada and Specialist Monika "IQ" Weiss. They seem to enjoy goading one another. I'm not concerned. If anything, it benefits Estrada to be challenged once in a while.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow