BIOGRAPHY
"You see a wall, I see an opportunity."

Trace joined the Corps straight out of high school, making him a fourth-generation Marine. Following his first tour of Iraq, he obtained enough experience to volunteer as an explosive ordnance disposal technician. After his second tour of Iraq, Trace returned to the U.S., enrolled in university, and earned a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry. He brought his experience and skills to the FBI, where he spent a number of years as a field agent within the Hazardous Materials Response Unit. Seeking more dynamic environments, Trace transferred into FBI SWAT, where he excelled at developing new barricade protocols. He then earned a spot in Rainbow where he's shown further interest in research and development on gadget upgrades. Trace's hometown of Plano has a major concentration of Chinese Americans, and as such Trace has conversational level of Mandarin.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
For someone so disciplined and orderly, Specialist Jordan "Thermite" Trace likes to surprise. He can be a practical joker and he's always ready with a smart aleck comment. Beneath the surface, however, the recent loss of his sister to cancer, and the death of his mother a few years prior, have made it difficult for him to channel his thoughts and energy with the focus to which he is accustomed. [...] I am concerned that he uses humor to avoid his grief. It's important he understands that some coping mechanisms can delay the healing process. There are resources that can help him, and I will continue to offer them when and where I may. [...]

Trace demonstrates strong tactical leadership, but can also plow ahead without consensus. I don't believe there's any lasting friction with other team members. He's well-liked by the others and has a solid working relationship with Specialists Yumiko "Hibana" Imagawa, Mike "Thatcher" Baker, and Emmanuelle "Twitch" Pichon. He can be quite the social-butterfly in his downtime. [...]

A few things to work on: Trace has excellent communication, when he chooses to use it. He has good strategies but sometimes tends to "lock in." I know that he's capable of being a more agile thinker, so I've given him some tips on how to recognize when he's becoming too... bullheaded. [...]

There's a lot going on behind his smile. I'd like him to find a way to regulate himself, to find balance for his work and private life. Trace doesn't show obvious stressors, opting instead to channel any anxious energy into something positive such as the R&D lab. It has been difficult to convince him that he needs a break from his role and identity as an operator. Shifting his attention to other intense tasks isn't a solution. [...] I've given him some mental relaxation exercises that don't demand considerable time, but can be tackled throughout the day. Imagawa, in particular, can be a good influence on him since she regularly practices mindfulness techniques to focus and relax. I hope he will take her advice to heart.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow