BIOGRAPHY
"Air or ground, you find your balance or end up with a face full of dirt."

Born in the Nakoda Territories of Saskatchewan, Thunderbird's first lesson from her mother was the importance of community. Her first introduction to engines was at her father's knee, he taught her to understand helicopters before she learned to fly one.

Always eager for new experiences she enrolled in the Bold Eagle Program at seventeen where she excelled in basic military training. While benefitting from the guidance of community elders and indigenous instructors, this program sparked an interest in preserving and protecting what she loved most, the Nakoda way of life.

After joining the Canadian Armed Forces Thunderbird worked her way through flight school. Remembering her mother's emphasis on the value of balance, Thunderbird felt since the CAF taught her to take lives, she should also learn how to save them. She completed her Basic Medical Training (CFHSTC) and continued to serve in the CAF as an Aerial Medic.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
When Nomad first brought Specialist Mina "Thunderbird" Sky to our attention I wasn't surprised by her recommendation. Sky is an accomplished medical officer, aviation mechanic and pilot. She seems to have the necessary drive, training and temperament to meld with Nomad's team. I was, however, surprised that this was the first I have heard of her.

Had it not been for Sky's medical training Nomad may not have survived the incident in the North. I wonder if that encounter inspired Nomad to welcome the friendship of a hunter like Specialist Frost. Given her background I feel that Frost and Sky would have much to bond over. Family is clearly important to Sky, and that goes beyond immediate blood ties. The Nakoda community had as big an influence on and hand in raising Sky as her parents. The knowledge passed down is not solely a history but a heritage to be practiced and preserved as a way of life.

Overall, Sky has an emotional awareness that's born from understanding and acceptance. She seeks balance in everything she does. She describes the world and the human body as an engine. First you need to understand its purpose, and then how it functions. If a wire is shredded you can't fix it with a screw, but a screw can hold a bone in place as it heals. I can appreciate the analogy, listen first then find a solution. That's not to say she doesn't lose her temper. What "gets under her skin" as Sky puts it is lack of respect. Respect for others, whether it's their way of life or their right to life is essential to her principles.

Sky's evaluation of risks seems to be tempered by her confidence and experience. After discussing some of her more harrowing adventures, I was concerned about her daredevil tactics. I did ask her what it felt like when she was in the air and if it was the adrenaline rush that fueled her. Her response was a smile and a simple, "It felt like flying." I guess I deserved that...

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow