BIOGRAPHY
"Machine learning and teamwork have one thing in common: Always lead by example."

Pichon grew up in a family of academics in the historic city of Nancy, France, where the children were encouraged to excel in Math, Science, and Technology. Early participation in sponsored computer programming competitions led to her joining the army cadets at sixteen. Almost immediately her talent was recognized, particularly in robotics. Her superiors quickly encouraged Pichon to study engineering while continuing her career in the military. From the start, Pichon's focus has been on adaptable technology that aids soldiers in the field. While there is much praise for her technological achievements, Pichon's tactical prowess and ability to problem solve quickly and efficiently make her a crucial operational asset. Pichon's unique combination of talents made her well-suited for GIGN and, later, Rainbow. She is fluent in French, English, and German and her current research focus is AI.

PSYCHOLOGICAL REPORT
Technologically creative isn't a term I've heard before working with Rainbow. According to Specialist Emmanuelle "Twitch" Pichon's field reports, it's the most concise description for her. Of course, it doesn't encapsulate all of who she is. There's more depth and surprises to Pichon than anyone expects. [...]

There is some academic rivalry between Pichon and her sister, a physicist, but nothing serious, she tells me. It's endemic of the perfection her family instilled in their children. Her father told her to strive to be incredible every day and that it will resonate out into the universe. [...] The Rainbow team speaks highly of her both operationally and in a social setting. Specialist Gustave "Doc" Kateb, in particular, appreciates her intuition and empathy, while others such as Specialist Olivier "Lion" Flament praise her technological know-how.

I wanted to know how Pichon interprets technological creativity. She said it's the way she sees things differently and yet remains aware that she's seeing things differently. So I suppose I would add "philosopher" to her myriad descriptors. [...]

She's a very hands-on researcher. The manner in which she gets right up close to a robot, interacting with it the way someone would a child or pet, illustrates her innate compassion. Pichon is currently teaching AI empathy so that it can, in turn, teach it to humans. I'd love to delve into this further, and have plans to visit the lab. [...]

Because Pichon's passion for technology as a way to improve quality of life drives her in research and in her military career, I wonder if she isn't at times being too idealistic. She's an excellent operator with many skills to offer besides the tech, and I want her to give more thought to where the human factor is crucial. [...]

Her background and interest in AI means one of Pichon's favorite pastimes is people watching. Whether it's settling into a restaurant or taking a bus, she goes wherever there are crowds and studies behavior. Travel, too, excites her. The list of where she hasn't been is shorter than where she has.

-- Dr. Harishva "Harry" Pandey, Director of Rainbow